MOTIVATION:

	ICD codes are the principle way that we collect diagnosis and procedure data.
	They have a nice structure but are too specific for most research purposes. Often
	we would like to have larger categories to more broardly describe procedures
	or diagnoses. This is also helpful for adding controls to a study as there
	will often be some ICD codes with only a handful of patients having them.
	
	As a result, I'm trying to create a dataset that can be used to transform the 
	ICD codes to CCS codes and Elixhauser comorbidities (in the case of diagnoses).

GOALS:

	1) 	Create a close to exhaustive list of all the ICD codes
	2) 	Link CCS/CCSR categories to codes when applicable
	3) 	Link Elixhauser comorbidity categories to ICD codes
	4) 	Preserve original representations of ICD codes as given by sources
	5)	Have clean labels and documentation

NOTES:
	-	There are a few of the formatted icd codes that are duplicated. All codes
		are unique within icd_ver*icd_type so merge on those.
	-	There are wildcard characters in the CMS dataset that have X as a value 
		and I believe these have something to do with the laterality or location
	-	Unsure if I should NA out the fields that are blanks or just spaces. Kind
		prefer just leaving them as is because that's how the source files are?

COLUMN DESCRIPTIONS:

	Generated by script:
		icd_code_fmt:	Formatted version of the ICD codes meant for merging. All codes stripped 
				of quotes, blank spaces, and periods.
				Seven digit codes left as is although I believe they often do not merge.
		icd_ver:	Is it version 9 or 10?
		icd_type:	'pcs' for procedure and 'cm' for clinical modification (diagnosis)

	Prefixed with 'cms_' from the center for medicare and medicade services:
		order: 		An ordinal version of the codes (ICD10 only) where
				you could use a code range (like C43-C449) and pick the corresponding
				orders for the lowest and highest to get the codes between.
		nonheader:	If 0, then this is a header for other codes. It is an umbrella for a
				group of codes. If 1, then it's a specific code. Only reason I wrote 
				nonheader was because I didn't want to change the raw data.
		short_label:	Shorter description given by CMS
		long_label:	Longer description given by CMS
		present:	Was this code present in the CMS files?
	
	From HCUP:
		hcup_icd_code:	ICD code as given by HCUP
		hcup_icd_label:	Label for the given ICD code from HCUP
		hcup_present:	Was this code in the HCUP files?
		ccsr?_code#:	CCS/CCSR numerical category. Absence of # is the single level code
		ccsr?_label#:	Label for corresponding CCS/CCSR numerical category
